what is up guys karma medic here and
welcome back to another dose today is a
very special day it is the 11th of
February which marks exactly the halfway
point in my degree studying medicine two
and a half years from now I'm going to
be starting my first job as an f1 doctor
here in the UK looking after patients
and being responsible for them myself
not if the next two and a half years are
gonna pass as quickly as the first two
and a half years did then that's a
really scary thought and as a
celebration as is tradition at Kings
there's a half way Bowl that is hosted
every single year anyways that's later
on in the evening and in the meantime I
have something important to discuss this
is the thing I am most scared of
something I am dreading it is the USMLE
step one if you don't know what the
USMLE step one is I don't blame you most
of you guys watching are from the UK but
basically it's the first of three exams
that medical students have to take if
they want to apply to residency
positions in the United States I want to
keep my options open and my doors open
to be able to apply to residency
positions in other countries as well
this is an eight hour long exam no you
didn't hear that wrong it is an eight
hour long exam it covers everything
medicine related both preclinical and
clinical so microbiology pharmacology
pathology physiology histology clinical
medicine just everything hold this to
say that I'm really scared and I'm sure
this exam is gonna be hell to study for
now I'm happier news yesterday I posted
this to my Instagram story hey guys so
I've just come home from a long day on
clinical placement it's currently 8 p.m.
if you can see that but guess why I came
home to look I honestly I can't I can't
believe this I mean it's just absolutely
wild a big thank you to you guys
watching alright and without further ado
open this up
[Music]
oh my goodness I cannot believe it look
at that reflection it's beautiful you
know what I'm so excited I'm gonna hang
this up right now I'm gonna hang it up
here right above my desk because I want
to be able to see it every single day
when I'm studying I want it to be in the
background of my youtube videos I think
it's a good spot
[Music]
that is real nice real anyways no
problem enough in this video I'm gonna
get a quick coffee apparently the best
way to study for this exam is to have
all the information in this one book so
for the first time in a very long time
I'm not gonna be using my iPad I'm gonna
go back to using my actual pens and
pencils which feels a little bit strange
but that's the best way to do it I'm
willing to give it a try so yeah I'm
just gonna sit down and have a really
productive like three or four hour
session and then have some lunch
[Music]
alright guys I've been studying for a
couple of hours now so I'm gonna take a
quick break to do some productive
reading using the sponsor of today's
video bling kissed as a medical student
and youtuber I have a really busy
schedule so I find it quite difficult to
fit in some reading time into my day and
one of the ways that I managed to get
around this is using an app called
blinkers the reason that I enjoy using
blinkers is that it condenses entire
non-fiction books into just the most
important points that you can either
read or listen to in just 5 to 15
minutes
blink astiz an app that I commonly use
on the bus or on the train when
commuting and it just feels good to know
that I'm learning something new and I'm
making use of that otherwise dead time
you guys can see that I'm currently
working my way through a couple of books
emotional intelligence because I'm
trying to access that side of my
personality a little bit more and then
how to break up with your phone is one
that I started yesterday because I need
to spend a little bit less time on my
phone of course you can go to the
explore page and find all kinds of
different books that myasu you better or
ones that you find interesting the first
100 people to click on the link in the
description down below are gonna get
unlimited access for one week to try it
out and you'll also get 25% off if you
want the full membership the 7-day trial
is completely free and you guys can
cancel it whenever you want if you're
interested at all click the link in the
description down below and check it out
for yourself alright now like the
studying
[Music]
this whole time I'm gonna make some
lunch thankfully I don't have to cook
from scratch because me and my sister
made food yesterday so I'm just gonna
heat that up and then watch it with an
episode of something on the TV just to
relax not wine for a little bit then
after that I've still got a couple of
things on life to do this but I want to
complete today before I head out for the
med school halfway Bowl there's nothing
quite like getting dressed up and
looking your sharpest it should be
really fun evening closing this insane
book for now I just want to check my
hair real quick for the blog yeah it's
good but while this food heats up I'm
going to unload this absolutely packed
dishwasher I am so excited about tonight
for a multitude of reasons obviously I'm
halfway through medical school that is a
huge accomplishment in itself a lot of
the friends but I became close with over
my first and second year are now placed
in hospitals that are different to mine
far away from mine and so I really don't
get to see them that often so yeah long
story short I'm really excited to see
everybody so a few of us are gonna meet
at a friend's house before the actual
dinner just to catch up a little bit
more of course I'm gonna take you along
with me using this camera I show you
around and hopefully introduce you to a
couple of people on as well got my
chicken korma and rice over here and
then just a small salad to some rocket
with cherry tomatoes I'm going to set
you guys down on this tripod here so
that you can enjoy me enjoying my food
with an episode of MasterChef Australia
via now Lexia have been watching that
show recently and it's just really fun
and by hearted something easy to watch
so that's what I'm gonna throw on now
[Music]
alright guys so there's two more things
that I have on my to-do list today
before I head to this halfway Bowl
one of which is to finish editing the
video that's gonna go live this Thursday
so after tomorrow the more pressing
thing to do on my to-do list is that I
need to rank my top 20 preferences for
my clinical placements in years four and
five and it's possible that you get
placed in hospitals outside of London
all over the country here in England you
know what let me just show you guys okay
so here is a zoomed in portion of
England and within is a zoomed in circle
of London so this is where my University
is it is a guy's hospital now for
medical school years four and five you
can get placed in any one of these
hospitals over here all over sort of
South East England it's not a difficult
task that we've been handed this week is
that we need to rank our top 20 clinical
line placements I'll explain what that
is now so each one of these roads over
here is a clinical placement line up
blocks one through two 4 which is year
for a maple school and then box five
through to 8 which is your final maple
school and there are 100 of these
different lines so I need to go through
these 100 different lines and choose my
top 20 preferences ranked them from 1
through to 20 and then submit
[Music]
a Czech asam actually really proud of
this this is an excel file now where
I've highlighted all the hospitals that
are too far and I would prefer not to go
to so any road that has no highlights in
it is one where all the hospitals are
within a reasonable distance from my
home anyways the day is passing and I
still have some editing to do before
Thursday's upload the video I'm
uploading this Thursday is probably the
biggest project that I've ever worked on
it is the vlog of alexia and I in Paris
this is what the timeline looks like you
can see there are so many different
elements there it's been an absolute
monster of an edit and I think it's
already up by the time you're seeing
this video so if you haven't seen it yet
please do go check it out I'll be coming
to it somewhere over here
[Music]
alright guys so I want to do bunch of
editing I hold those amendments anyways
I'm also definitely money got a time
with me to get dressed not go very good
so this is my tuxedo I show it to you
guys
I'm really excited to win this sure
that's the bowtie
I don't touch
[Music]
right
[Applause]
let's enter great Oh mom please
[Music]
alright guys I'm just coming home it has
been one hell of a night honestly had so
much fun and catching up with everyone
was great but it's late now and I've got
things to do tomorrow so I'm just gonna
take off this tux get in the shower and
then go straight to sleep thank you for
following me throughout the day and
watching this vlog I really hope you
enjoyed it if you did please leave a
like on this video and subscribe to my
channel to more content from me in the
future and I will see you in the next
one bass I'm no scrubs I know that you
may all those thumbnails you've
contributed so much to the channel and
this practice for you too